this one's pretty self-explanatory you
can see the the rubbing alcohol when
dropped in with a dropper looks kind of
like blisters
now I dropped it in while it was wet
though and that's what created those sty
raishin patterns these ones no they were
all dropped in while I was still pretty
wet it doesn't move very far
yeah the rubbing alcohol regardless of
whether is wet or dry when it's that's
dropped in with a dropper once again I
want to try a spray bottle but it just
moves the pigment in a circle where it
is so it's kind of neat probably useful
the watercolor was pretty cool and I
think this has something to do with the
Veridian and the way that Veridian dries
almost like plates like slate plates
that move over top of one another
because it dried really dry sty rated it
was really I don't know rocky it looks
pretty cool
hmm I love the levels that this created
in the pigments and the results that I
got with this the the what was this
rubbing alcohol yeah it was really fun
it looks really neat I want to I want to
try it with a spray bottle you can you
can see what's gonna happen right you
know what kind of videos are coming up
after this well I'm spraying stuff in
the spray bottle